Assert: Add `assert.closeTo()` (#1756)
qunitjs/qunit: docs/api/assert/closeTo.md

---
layout: page-api
title: assert.closeTo()

> excerpt: Check that an object contains certain properties.
> groups:
>   - assert
> redirect_from:
>   - "/assert/closeTo/"
> version_added: "unreleased"
> ---
> 
> `closeTo( actual, expected, delta, message = "" )`
> 
> Check that an object contains certain properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Check that a number value is within some tolerance of an expected value.
groups:
  - assert
redirect_from:
  - "/assert/closeTo/"
version_added: "unreleased"
---

`closeTo( actual, expected, delta, message = "" )`

Check that a number value is within some tolerance of an expected value.
```

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `actual` (number) | Expression being tested |
| `expected` (number) | Known comparison value |

> | `delta` (number) |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `delta` (number) | Maximum allowable difference between actual and expected |
```

| `message` (string) | Short description of the actual expression |

> TODO: close, close-enough, roughlyEquals, closeTo, approximate

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to leave this in? I don't think it needs to be user-facing. And as a user, I don't know what this means. Are all of these methods coming? `closeTo` is part of the list. Is there more to do on that one?

Author: These are keywords I meant to incorporate in the long-form description to help with search and discovery. I thought I had finished the docs, but I must have dreamed that. Consider this markdown file incomplete :)

Author: Fixed.
